[Music]
yes
very good how are you my dear
lovers of the heart I hope you are
enjoying the day and I have some news
that maybe not many
people are going to like what I'm going to tell you but
from now on telecinco has won me over telecinco
has taken me to the
family garden I have to admit it I'm not
going to mess with telecinco anymore in fact
I'm going to be a loyal viewer and
well they have managed to win me over before I
tell you please subscribe to the
channel share the video if you're interested in the
whole world of the heart and the whole
world of gossip and nothing what
happened is that this morning we
woke up with the news that paula
echevarría who you already know that I love has
always been my platonic love
for well all my life not
many years
has been signed by telecinco
specifically she is a judge on got talent along
with the rest of the jury of durness and hand
so of course here before this well
suddenly got talent as you can understand
I love it very much I love it
very much I'm going to watch it always what's
going on that  giving it a thought I've
realized that of course there's
something here there's surely something more behind it and
I think that yes I think I'm not going to be
wrong
Paula Echevarría was one of the people
investigated in Operation Luna I don't
remember if it was her directly on
some covers they put her but I
think that the list in particular the name
that appeared was Miguel Torrén her
husband and father of her little one
so it smells to me like she's not going to be
presented either the case is
probably like that you're noticing
because lately
all the people who appear on the list for
the operation a luxury operation are being
hired by
Telecinco we recently had Pipi
Estrada who has become a new
collaborator of 'Sálvame' we
have Ivonne Reyes who well
suddenly went from being missing she has
become one of the faces that we see the most
again for 35 not currently and now
we have Paula Echevarría who well I
'm delighted the truth is I'm not going to
complain about this signing
but I'm afraid that it will be another person
because of her  husband that they are not going to appear in
the case of Operation Luna I'm afraid and I
think I'm not wrong in the end according to
what we are seeing in the latest
news that we have on the case in the
end only
about 20 celebrities have appeared out of the
almost 200 who were supposed to be
victims of this case I imagine that
many of them will not have been interested
because they will have in the first place because they will
have preferred some job
that is offered to them or whatever and not
get into trouble and secondly
because although they have been investigated
in quote marks or have been everyday
well they will not have found much
about it and it is not worth it to them to
get into a mess and a mess
and close doors with one of the
main television networks in
Spain when they were not going to find
anything about them because in the end well what are we
going to have a Paula Echevarría and a
Miguel Torre who are formal and
decent people no matter how much you look at them and how much I gossip about them no matter how much you look at them no matter how
much you gossip about them no matter how
surely you are not going to find anything
shady so why  I'm going to
present something that is not going to affect me, no,
I think that the majority of celebrities who
have appeared in the case are
people who already know that they are not going to
work at Telecinco or that things went
badly for them, not like
Aida Nizar, for example, in part, this
could make me angry because in the end I think that
little will happen to them, if not nothing,
clinging to freedom of information
in degrees or such is what I'm telling you, I mean,
here the one who's going to get caught is going to be the
police because in the end he's the one who got
involved without having work-related reasons in
the police files where
the celebrities were included,
but then on the part of Telecinco or on the
part of the journalist involved
in the end what he did was
receive the information, so it's not my
fault that this guy had
gotten himself into this file, immediate
information is known there, the only thing that
remains to be seen is if someone is
convicted of bribery is released, with what
remains to be seen, but what is the issue of the
revelation of the secret of having contributed
and having investigated the celebrities, well, I think that I do
n't think that we
Nothing familiar is going to happen, say a lot about what you
think, what do you think, if you have any
news that we missed, you know that you
can leave it in the
comments box, we will be commenting, I
send you a huge hug
[Music]